#  SkolarD

SkolarD is a tutoring application designed for post-secondary students to book in-person tutoring sessions easily and conveniently. Through the app, students can search for tutors based on the courses they teach and also by their teaching style. Once a tutor is selected, the student can view their availability, and schedule a session at a convenient time for both parties. Students can also directly message the tutor for any questions or concerns.

This app is intended for post-secondary students enrolled in universities, colleges or technical institutions who may be struggling with particular courses or concepts. It is a common struggle for students to find a tutor who has taken the same course or understands the course material in the way it is taught at their certain school. This is especially true for students in science and technical programs, where there are often limited resources for subject-specific help. Tutors can be peers who have successfully completed the course, or former instructors who are familiar with the material. It is common for courses to have slight variations in their curriculum between different institutions, since tutors would have experience in the exact course that the students would need academic support in, this reduces the chances of learning material that may be redundant or not required in the specific course. 

SkolarD would allow individuals to be a tutor, a student, or both. Tutors can list which courses they are available to teach, and students can look through those listings to find someone who meets their academic needs. Tutors can benefit with building mentorship skills and reinforcing their own knowledge. Since tutors may also be students, they may also require academic support in certain courses. The flexibility of having the option between switching between a student and a tutor within the app creates a supportive learning environment in which students can help each other succeed by sharing their knowledge and experience. 

The key value of SkolarD lies within matching students with tutors who best fit their learning styles and course requirements. This enhances the effectiveness of each tutoring session by connecting students with someone who understands how they learn, allowing for academic support to be much more accessible and impactful than it currently is. The goal of SkolarD remains to help students improve their academic performance by building their confidence in their studies and through tailored guidance from tutors that best fits their requirements. ​​

The SkolarD is envisioned to be a website that is easily accessible for everyone to use, in the future it would extend to mobile applications. Students can view and book sessions, while tutors can manage their course listings and availability. Any personal information and conversations between students and tutors will remain private to them.

SkolarD will be considered successful if 10,000 students download the app in the first year and at least half of those students booked tutoring sessions. Additionally, the success will also be measured through the positive feedback from students, the frequent usage of the app, and improvements in academic confidence and performance reported by students using the app.

The Architecture of SkolarD can be found here: https://code.cs.umanitoba.ca/comp3350-summer2025/a01-g06-decoders/-/tree/dev/docs/architecture?ref_type=heads